Add deprecate wording about the Dynatrace metrics exporter (#1)
dynatrace-oss-contrib/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/components/otlp-exporter.mdx

## Dynatrace

Dynatrace supports native OpenTelemetry protocol (OTLP) ingest, so users of the AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry (ADOT) 

> can send traces, metrics and logs directly to Dynatrace without the need of additional plugins or non-OTLP exporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can send traces, metrics and logs directly to Dynatrace without the need for additional plugins or non-OTLP exporters.
```

Author: I was in doubt if it's for or of but I guess for seems to be it https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/6623/need-of-vs-need-for

Author: [8fde02b](https://github.com/dynatrace-oss-contrib/aws-otel.github.io/pull/1/commits/8fde02bb240c55bf70d84f5c699d6a525fd0f401)

- Dynatrace 1.254 or later
- An API token with the **Ingest metrics** scope
- Delta metrics: Dynatrace only supports ingesting metrics with delta aggregation temporality. 

>   To learn more about aggregation temporality and how to configure your applications and collector, see the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To learn more about aggregation temporality and how to configure your applications or collectors, see the 
```

Otherwise it kind of sounds like you have to do both

Author: [8fde02b](https://github.com/dynatrace-oss-contrib/aws-otel.github.io/pull/1/commits/8fde02bb240c55bf70d84f5c699d6a525fd0f401)

>   To learn more about aggregation temporality and how to configure your applications and collector, see the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To learn more about aggregation temporality and how to configure your applications and collector, please refer to the 
```
maybe?

Author: Done!

      receivers: [otlp]

>       processors: []

Reviewer 2: What about showing `cumulativetodeltaprocessor` in the example?

Author: I thought about it but I feel it is too complicated to explain it in here. There's all the caveats of relying on state and that can cause other problems as we know. I feel we shouldn't be recommending this alternative everywhere. But anyway, in the link I posted, the migration guide talks about that option and also lists the caveats one needs to consider.

Reviewer 2: ok, we can improve this later as well (if needed). I'm just afraid that most users will hit the temporality problem if they follow this example.

Author: Yes they will. But hopefully the text points them to the guide which then instructs how to solve it. If necessary we can add more info here later, although I think it's best if things are centralized.
